## Synonymizer 🌟
Welcome to this Synonyms Generator! This application helps you find synonyms for any word or phrase instantly. Built with Streamlit and powered by an open source language model Llama3, this tool is designed to be user-friendly and efficient.


## Table of Contents
- [Project Contents](#project-contents)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [1. Clone the Repository](#1-clone-the-repository)
  - [2. Create a Virtual Environment](#2-create-a-virtual-environment)
  - [3. Activate the Virtual Environment](#3-activate-the-virtual-environment)
  - [4. Install Dependencies](#4-install-dependencies)
  - [5. Run the Application](#5-run-the-application)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


## Project Contents
- `main.py`: The main Streamlit application file.
- `requirements.txt`: A file listing the dependencies required for the project.
- `README.md`: This readme file, providing information about the project.
- `LICENSE`: License information for the project (if applicable).


## Project Structure
```
Synonymizer/
│
├── app.py
├── requirements.txt
├── README.md
├── LICENSE
└── assets/
    └── Synonym.png

```


## Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository
First, clone the repository to your local machine:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/iSathyam31/Synonymizer.git
cd synonyms-generator
```
### 2. Create a Virtual Environment
Create a virtual environment to manage dependencies:
```
conda create -p venv python=3.11 -y
```
### 3. Activate the Virtual Environment
```
conda activate venv/
```
### 4. Install Dependencies
Install the required Python packages:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
### 5. Run the Application
```
streamlit run main.py
```

## Usage
1. Open the application in your web browser. It typically runs at `http://localhost:8501`.
2. Enter a word or phrase in the input box.
3. Click on the "Generate Synonyms 🚀" button.
4. View the synonyms generated by the application.


## Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please fork the repository and submit pull requests for any enhancements or bug fixes.


## License
This project is licensed under the Apache License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgements
* Built with Streamlit.
* Powered by LangChain Community.
* Emojis from Emojipedia.